I experienced civil unrest from the time I was born.
I thought it was unfair that so many people were killed,
mained, injured, and had their lives ruined.
I joined the army when I was 18 years old.
As a soldier, I experienced the immense pain that war causes.
For many years after, whenever I heard news reports about wars and about civil unrest,
I got upset.
I had nightmares. I experienced the war all over again.
In December 2008, at the end of the year, I lost my job.
It was quite difficult because I didn't speak English
and every job application required me to speak English.
We lived modestly. We did have some savings, but they quickly ran out.
When I realised we almost had no money left, I was very worried.
I didn't understand why all of this was happening.
I am a person who worries a lot.
It really was difficult.
I was very, very worried, but Jello was calm.
He reassured me and told me to trust in Jehovah.
Instead of focusing on our problems, we focused on our hope and shared it with others.
The help Jehovah gives us through our brothers and sisters is extraordinary.
He not only cares for our physical needs, he also cares for our feelings.
It was about five months before I found another job.
When going through hard situations, we see Jehovah's hand.
We see his help.
So no matter what comes in the future, we are prepared to deal with it.
When I met Jehovah's witnesses, I realised that they can deal with bad news better with hope.
Isaiah 65-17, deeply touched my heart.
And he still does.
The scripture contains Jehovah's promise that the former things will not be called to mind.
This verse helped me calm down.
It made me feel great.
So I read it over and over again.
Gradually, the truths of God's words stabilise me.
They healed my mental disposition.
My hope counteracts negative feelings so that I can live within a peace.